I have disappointed the devil but you know
something that I could not say anything else
do you understand russia
I have a problem, is there a solution? Yes, I know
mr smith it's hard to be like that
careless
think up some way out
I understand last chance for you in general
popova eat time cooking again
call this assignment if you don't
flew okay okay i got it stuck up about
smith hell so quiet quiet quiet just not
more than me
forgot you are looking all over the city yes I
I know why I killed that kid in general
create listen I would tell myself now
but can't be too dangerous too
dangerous yes i imagine how dangerous it is
do you know what they are looking for everywhere
all who can all and sundry
something weird was the last
time and yet we punched we punched
dump from your phone well, more precisely on
He calls me hawkins except in
close and seriously listen seriously
say i need to really know where from
called
Well, we also found a very strange call
and not one of them was many
where is he from the house of the police chief but his boss
besides her heart, she talked so
many holes I do not understand
of them do not, I'll explain everything, I went
where did you go stand stand hole
that's the same damn damn how it can be like this
same house police chief
yes that can't be damn you
for it is he black cherry right
no, i will refuse to believe it and what now
I'll come over me immediately
what girl girl do so much
thoughts crush damn well either enter
either go out at all
this is you how are you this mother I did
waiting for you
mr smith pretty handed over can you already
explain to me that there are motives
there is already a tour with them that damn
oils and what the fuck we have the same
vote
the ministry
to the roof of the wine and there is no mask and
it will be cleared by his imagination
Imagination feature because you did not kill
two people because of you i bathed in the winter
sea where is my daughter end and who is all
this time i called mr myself and that
did not understand me does not exist i only
part of the rear realized that is all this only
michael's voice
do you hell
Sarah you lived up to true it was a dream
land where jessica
I myself answered you parents do not remember
what the hell are you gotta do yourself
must now come to mind I brought it
tighten up listen to me hiv and pale jester
some did not sleep steel again on myself
come the hell so it was just
dream and this black skull that's what killed
jessica touch didn't want to kill killed
sarum dregs some book well, and dream
is it